Audio transcription: 'Marty's Travel is an online travel agency. Post pandemic they've seen sales rebound and not yet the pre pandemic levels.'
Audio transcription: 'Tasked with addressing this issue, the team first needs to understand the underlying cause.'
Audio transcription: 'So let's see how Microsoft Fabric accelerates the time to insight and then helps them build an innovative solution to recover their lost market share.'     
Audio transcription: '1st we need to bring their existing data sets together to understand the problem.'
Audio transcription: 'For Marty's travel, they don't have the team or the time to build out their traditional data warehouse and ETL processes, so that's where Microsoft Fabric comes in.'
Audio transcription: 'Let's start by creating a lake house.'
Audio transcription: 'This sits on top of your Organizations 1 lake and delivers a data lake for big data processing with all the benefits of open data link tables, format tables for transactions, and optimized performance.'
Audio transcription: 'So no additional setup operation is required, and in just a few seconds I'll have an enterprise ready, lake house ready to use.'
Audio transcription: 'So from my newly created lake house, I can bring in different data sets including sales transactions and marketing campaign history.'
Audio transcription: 'I can use Data Pipelines from Azure Data Factory or Data Flows from Power BI to build low code or no code ETL job jobs.'
Audio transcription: 'Leveraging all the outer box connectors for the most common line of business apps.'
Audio transcription: 'I can also use Spark notebooks for a code first experience.'
Audio transcription: 'So I have access to many outer box connectors to simplify the process of bringing together organizational data for analysis. So wherever that may live.'
Audio transcription: 'O Let's take a look at a pipeline appeared earlier. It pulls our sales transactions from a SQL transactional database and it copies them into our Data Lake 
house.'
Audio transcription: 'We can also perform further operations over our copied data.'
Audio transcription: 'Next, we'll need to bring in our advertising campaign history. It's actually an unnecessary bucket.'
Audio transcription: 'So let's create a shortcut to our S3 market.'
Audio transcription: 'Shortcuts allow us to link data into our accounts from supported locations like ADLS and S3. It can then be analyzed in place without the need to copy or move it. Building a truly unified data mesh is easier than ever with Microsoft Fabric.'
Audio transcription: 'So we can also access our lake house from our desktop.'
Audio transcription: 'Through the the One Lake File Explorer extension, working with our analytical data is now just as convenient as working with our documents in OneDrive.'
Audio transcription: 'So from working with petabyte scale data sets in place to data sets on our desktop, Microsoft Fabric has you covered.'
Audio transcription: 'So let's skip ahead. I've taken the raw data presented in the bronze layer and used the same technologies to prepare an optimized star schemas on Add Analytical Optimized Delta format tables in my silver layer.'
Audio transcription: 'So my data is now ready for analytics.'
Audio transcription: 'O Let's jump into our SQL endpoint view.'
Audio transcription: 'So by switching to the warehouse mode, I can analyze our data through traditional TSQL or the new Visual Query Editor.'
Audio transcription: 'In this query, I've joined our campaign records to our sales records to analyze the impact of our marketing efforts.'
Audio transcription: 'I can easily visualize the results and spot the issue. I'll make marketing campaigns aren't driving sales. Next, let's see the data model under the hood.'
Audio transcription: 'So to empower our business to make the most of this data set, we can also build a common semantic model.'
Audio transcription: 'Within the White House and make it available to all the users of the data set.'
Audio transcription: 'So, from the familiar Power Workspace, let's create a new report from our new data set.'
Audio transcription: 'So with the auto create functionality, we get immediate insights rather than just a blank page. From here we can evolve our report to suit our needs.'
Audio transcription: 'So let's take a look at 1:00 I've prepared earlier.'
Audio transcription: 'So by bringing our findings into Power BI, we can quickly visualize and share our insights.'
Audio transcription: 'Really, what we've been promoting to customers isn't resonating.'
Audio transcription: 'So it's time for Mary's travel to reboot their personalization strategy.'
Audio transcription: 'So to better appeal to their new customers, Marty's travel to decides to ask a series of questions and extract the insights from web analytics to try and understand their preferences.'
Audio transcription: 'Still, so this high volume of near real time signals requires a different data strategy.'
Audio transcription: 'This is an ideal use for real time analytics, also part of Microsoft Fabric and powered by the technology that underpins Azure Data Explorer. Like our Lakehouse, creating it only takes seconds.'
Audio transcription: 'O Let's create our KQL database.'
Audio transcription: 'And then let's see this in action. And for that we're going to use your help.'
Audio transcription: 'So imagine your new customer and what his travel website and let's go through there getting to know you experience to unlock your personalization experience.'
Audio transcription: 'So here's the first of your three questions. Uh, let's help out Modest Travel by sharing your preferences.'
Audio transcription: 'The first is your travel goals, second is your accommodation style.'
Audio transcription: 'And then the last question is your activity focus you like exploring or dining?'
Audio transcription: 'And then we're finished. So now let's take a look at the underlying database where the results have been set.'
Audio transcription: 'So the KQL database is connected to an Event Hub in Azure which has captured all of your responses, but we can also bring in data from other data sources too.'
Audio transcription: 'On a one off basis or continuous basis?'
Audio transcription: 'So let's flip back to our report.'
Audio transcription: 'Through the power of shortcuts are real time analytics data is now available here too, making it easy to include in our analysis the same data we saw in our our query is now available here too. So let's refresh our report to see our ingested data.'
Audio transcription: 'And now let's flip back our workspace.'
Audio transcription: 'So now that we have a better understanding of our customers, it's time to operationalize that that data through improved personalizations O let's flip over 
to the data science workspace and open our Spark notebook.'
Audio transcription: 'And on notebook, we can easily access data from our late chaos, then explore model it using popular open source smart packages.'
Audio transcription: 'So here we're building a recommendation model based on our reference information we have gathered from our customers.'
Audio transcription: 'So based on its predictions, we can create more effective marketing campaigns, more personalized in app experiences.'
Audio transcription: 'The cells also run instantly without having to configure compute. This is because Microsoft Fabric supports already provisioned compute pools, resulting in 
instant productivity.'
Audio transcription: 'With Microsoft Fabric support for more flow, our data science work in the notebooks usually creates artifacts in the workspace.'
Audio transcription: 'So each artifact experiment one is recorded, included training parameters, performance metrics and generated models.'
Audio transcription: 'To approve, bottles can be registered for sharing, usage and tracking. O Microsoft Fabric also makes it easy to use them for inferencing, which is producing a set of values which in turn can then be used to input another model.'
Audio transcription: 'So with the inferencing complete, let's bring our insights into our report.'
Audio transcription: 'So overall, our new model indicates that we're able to predict customer preferences at a much higher level of accuracy.'
Audio transcription: 'So with Marks of Fabric, Mary's Travel was able to quickly leverage all of their data assets to better understand their customers and their needs. Their new personalization strategy will deliver the right offers to the right customers to supercharge their sales booth. And despite the breadth of capabilities required to achieve this 
goal, it was all available as a service through Microsoft Fabric.'
CLOSING on SpeechRecognitionCanceledEventArgs(session_id=888e950cf2694829b281a2db122cddc9, result=SpeechRecognitionResult(result_id=4b5dcc9a62a1436693f5d1d9ec94b1b0, text="", reason=ResultReason.Canceled))
CLOSED on SpeechRecognitionCanceledEventArgs(session_id=888e950cf2694829b281a2db122cddc9, result=SpeechRecognitionResult(result_id=4b5dcc9a62a1436693f5d1d9ec94b1b0, text="", reason=ResultReason.Canceled))
CLOSING on SessionEventArgs(session_id=888e950cf2694829b281a2db122cddc9)
CLOSED on SessionEventArgs(session_id=888e950cf2694829b281a2db122cddc9)